chore: Update global.json to use the latest stable (#826)
unoplatform/Uno.Samples: doc/samples.md

Implementation of a class that enables saving media files into gallery on Android, iOS and Mac Catalyst.

### MVUX Samples

> An implementation of simple, to-the-point code samples for [MVUX](https://platform.uno/docs/articles/external/uno.extensions/doc/Learn/Mvux/Overview.html?tabs=viewmodel%2Cmodel) topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An implementation of simple, to-the-point code samples for [MVUX](https://aka.platform.uno/mvux) topics.
```
